



Authentication Strategies

1. JWT Authentication
 - Private key + encryption algorithms that generate a base64 string 
 - the token is stored in localStorage for pcs and async storage for mobile phones
 - When you signup we generate a JWT
 - When you signout we delete the 
 

 When to use a JWT token?
 1. For simple authentication handling
 2. Mainly for mobile applications

  Scenario: The user logs in and begins hacking into other people's accounts?
  Solution: We going to wait until the users jwt expires 


Advantages
1. They do not require any storage
2. Stateless
3. Scalablity - We can grow a user base rapidly without having to worry about storage space for user data

Disadavantages
1. We do not have granular control over user activity
2. Relatively less secure than db session security - HMAC (Do not use), AED, SHA

2. DB Session Authentication
 - A Unique Session ID is created and stored in the database
 - Anytime you login the server its going look for your unique session id, 
   if exists and it's not expired then you can login
   

 When to use a DB (Database) Session Authentication
 1. If you need granular control over user activity e.g. 

 Scenario: The user logs in and begins hacking into other people's accounts
 Solution: We can disable (invalidate) the users session and block him for staying logged in
 

 Advantages
 1. We have granular contol over user sessions 
 2. We can store user session information to providing meaning full data driven decisions

 Disadavantages
 1. Scalability issues to due the need to store data in the database 
 2. Slower Database query results because we have more and more data being stored in the database

 



//Routing

/api/v1/payments <--- you need to authorized user, without 401 - Unauthorized, 403 - Forbidden
//403 - Even though you are authenticated user you cannot access this specifc area of the applicationa
// You do not have  user access permissions 

api/v1/admin/payment_history
//401 - You are not an authenticated user therefore you cannot use this area of teh application
